Summer Opportunities for
High School Students

-- 1 of 32 --

Table of Contents
General Academics at a College/University
…………………………………………… 2
Visual & Performing Arts
………………………………………………………………………. 13
Language……………………………………………………………………………
…………………. 16
Writing/Journalism…………………………………………………………………
…………….. 16
STEM/Medicine……………………………………………………………………
……………….. 18
Leadership……………………………………………………………………………
……………….. 22
Research……………………………………………………………………………
………………….. 23
Internships…………………………………………………………………………
…………………. 24
Education, Special Interests &
Adventure……………………………………………… 26
Job
Opportunities………………………………………………………………………
…………. 31
1

-- 2 of 32 --

GENERAL ACADEMICS AT A COLLEGE/UNIVERSITY
American University
● Grades 9-12
● This summer, take advantage of the opportunity to learn professional skills from
American University's expert faculty! You will use Washington, D.C. as your classroom
and laboratory for our experiential learning courses in communication, international
studies, and politics. Get to know what AU has to offer, and discover your passion!
Babson College
● Grades 10-11
● Babson’s Summer Study is a residential program for rising high school juniors and seniors
that gives you real-world experience while building your business knowledge and
entrepreneurial skills.
Boston University
● Grades 9-12
● We invite you to choose from our portfolio of exciting and challenging summer high
school programs. Each program offers the opportunity to explore new subjects and
college life–while making friends with fellow students and participating in social
activities in Boston and on campus. Join other motivated high school students from 50
states and 87 countries to experience a great introduction to college life and academics.
Brandeis University
● Grades 10-12
● In the spirit of Brandeis University's tradition of excellence, Brandeis Precollege
Programs offers outstanding residential experiences for exceptional high school students
from around the world. We provide students with the opportunity to explore academic
and artistic pursuits in connection with a diverse body of individuals who share their
commitment to building a global community.
Brown University
● Grades 9-12
● Experience college, prepare for academic success, and make new friends from around
the world in Brown Pre-College Programs. Throughout the summer Brown offers
multiple sessions one to seven weeks in length, and more than 300 courses to choose
from – on campus, online, and abroad.
2

-- 3 of 32 --

Bucknell University
● Grades 11-12
● At the Bucknell Academy Summer Experience (BASE), rising high school juniors and
seniors spend a week living like a college student. You'll stay in our residence halls,
attend classes taught by Bucknell professors and develop problem-solving skills designed
to help you make an impact on the world. BASE participants join Bucknell faculty and
students to find innovative solutions to pressing issues.
UCLA
● Grades 9-12
● During the summer, UCLA welcomes high school students to receive a comprehensive
and immersive study of your chosen subject in one to three weeks. Through
co-curricular components including hands-on projects and performances, field visits,
and guest lectures, you will have an educational experience that goes beyond classroom
instruction.
UCLA Game Lab Summer Institute
● Grades 9-12
● The UCLA Game Lab Summer Institute introduces high school students to game-making
as a form of artistic practice, teaching them the techniques and tools that will help them
develop analog and digital games that reflect their own creative voice and vision. No
previous game-making skills are required, but students with an interest in games and in
the visual arts, in particular, will find the curriculum especially stimulating and
rewarding. Students in the program develop a solid aesthetic and technical foundation in
various aspects of game design–but just as importantly, they begin learning how to
express their own, personal ideas through game-making and game art.
UC San Diego
● Grades 9-12
● Summer Springboard invites ambitious high school students to join us for a two-week
summer program on the campus of the University of California, San Diego. As a top-10
U.S. public university, UCSD gives students an up-close look at a world-class institution
while offering opportunities to grow through college prep workshops, academic
excursions, and the True You personal development program.
Carleton College
● Grade 10
● Carleton College is honored to host an inspiring summer program designed for the best
and brightest college-bound students representing high schools across the country. The
Carleton Liberal Arts Experience (CLAE) will select 52 high school students who have just
completed their sophomore year and bring them to Carleton, all expenses paid, for a
one-week summer program. The CLAE program introduces the strengths of a liberal arts
education through an array of courses in science, art, social sciences, and technology.
3

-- 4 of 32 --

Carnegie Mellon University
● Grades 10-11
● Our summer Pre-College programs will show you what life at Carnegie Mellon is all
about, from the classroom to what's happening on weekends. You'll meet people from
all over the world, be inspired by our world-renowned faculty, take part in the
excitement of campus and have the opportunity to explore the city of Pittsburgh.
University of Chicago
● Grades 9-12
● The University of Chicago's Summer Session brings together a global community of
thinkers who are excited by interesting questions and seek to engage new ideas.
Discover diverse program opportunities designed to challenge and engage curious high
school students across a variety of subject areas and disciplines. Pre-college students are
given the chance to take intellectual risks, dive more deeply into subject matter, and
discuss questions that go beyond the realm of their high school curriculum, while
experiencing a dynamic campus situated in scenic Hyde Park in the city of Chicago during
the best season of the year — summer!
Columbia University
● Grades 9-12
● Take an intensive course especially designed for outstanding high school students,
attend Columbia University classes with undergraduate students, or live and study in
Barcelona or Jordan for three weeks.
The Cooper Union
● Cooper Union offers high school summer programs in STEM and art such as: Summer
Stem Program, Summer Writing Program, Summer Art Intensive, and Introduction to
Architecture.
Cornell University
● Grades 10-12
● The award-winning Summer College Programs for High School Students offer talented
high school sophomores, juniors, and seniors the opportunity to study at Cornell for
three or six weeks, earn an average of three to six college credits, take college courses
with leading Cornell faculty members, explore careers and majors, attend admissions
workshops, and much more.
4

-- 5 of 32 --

University of Delaware
● Grades 10-11
● The Edge summer college program at the University of Delaware offers exclusive
opportunities to engaged and talented high school sophomores and juniors across the
country. Students have the chance to live and learn on one of the most engaging college
campuses on the East Coast. By emphasizing academic excellence, practical skill building
and student leadership, the Edge program offers you the challenge, independence and
excitement of a learning experience that can only be found at a top national university.
Drew University
● Grades 11-12
● Rising high school juniors & seniors can choose from a variety of courses including
Anthropology, Business, Computer Science, English, Environmental Science, History,
Mathematics, Marketing, Public Health, Psychology, Statistics and Theatre. They’ll attend
online college classes alongside other college students.
Drexel University
● Grades 9-12
● Drexel's summer academic programs are open to highly motivated high school students
who wish to explore what a university-level program is all about. Workshops are led by
Drexel faculty and utilize Drexel's labs, facilities, and the city of Philadelphia's many
resources.
Duke University
● Grades 9-12
● We invite you to imagine yourself at Duke this summer if you are seeking to gain
academic credit from renowned Duke faculty or to learn to be a leader and global citizen
through personal enrichment courses; hoping to spend your summer enjoying
residential activities such as ball games, outlet shopping, dances, talent shows, and
more; excited to prepare for college and create an international network of peers.
Emerson College
● Grades 9-12
● The Pre-College program offers challenging and intensive summer experiences with
flexible durations of one, three, or five weeks. These programs are structured to be both
fun and highly educational, focusing on teaching students competitive, practical skills
within one specific academic area of communication and the arts.
Emory University
● Grade 10-11
● The Emory Pre-College Program gives college-bound rising juniors and rising seniors an
exciting glimpse of academic and residential life at a top-ranked national university. High
school students may explore topics with professors who are the leading experts in their
fields, enroll in classes with college students, and earn transferable college credit.
5

-- 6 of 32 --

Fordham University
● Grades 11-12
● Fordham University is pleased to offer a wide range of opportunities for high school
students who want to challenge themselves and gain college experience this summer.
Our program offers diverse courses in various formats and fields, including STEM,
humanities, social sciences, business, and the arts. Credit and non-credit options are
available so that you can have exactly the kind of summer experience you want.
Georgetown University
● Grades 9-11
● Live on campus, attend classes side-by-side with college students, and learn from
distinguished faculty and prominent Washington, D.C., area guest speakers.
George Washington University
● Grades 9-12
● We offer a variety of on-campus courses during the summer, as well as study abroad
opportunities, in-depth institute courses, flexible online and evening classes and
programs for visiting international and high school students.
Gettysburg College
● Grades 10-12
● Rising high school sophomores, juniors and seniors attending a Gettysburg College
week-long summer camp will experience an immersive learning environment,
welcoming atmosphere, and historic yet contemporary campus setting. Each program is
led by subject-matter experts – Gettysburg College faculty, staff and students. Subjects
include Psychology, Creative Writing, Eisenhower Institute's Civil Engagement or Civil
War Era Studies as well as a variety of sports camps.
Hampshire College
● Grades 11,12
● Experience Hampshire College while you're still in high school. Get a sense of our
innovative approach to learning and what life is like on Hampshire's campus during our
two-week precollege sessions every summer in July. Precollege participants live in the
dorms, eat in the dining commons, and are immersed in rigorous and exciting fields of
study. Led by current Hampshire faculty, recent graduates, and experienced alumni, our
precollege programs are intended for rising high school juniors and seniors.
Harvard University
● Ages 15-18
● Our summer programs for high school students are designed to prepare you for that
all-important next step—both academically and socially—paving the way for a successful
college experience. Here, you will expand your worldview, meet new people from all
over the globe, test-drive potential majors, gain valuable knowledge and skills, and
6

-- 7 of 32 --

explore Boston—one of America’s most vibrant and historic cities—amid a community of
supportive peers and advisors.
Ithaca College
● Ages 15-18
● In Ithaca College's residential pre-college summer program, high school students
experience college life and college-level courses while living in a safe environment. The
Summer College for High School Students has two program offerings, each with courses
designed and reserved expressly for pre-college students.
Johns Hopkins University’s Center for Talented Youth
● Grades 9-12
● CTY's summer programs offer bright students the opportunity to engage in challenging
academic work in the company of peers who share their exceptional abilities and love of
learning. While the focus is on rigorous academics and learning, the social experience
that results from bringing these students together is an integral part of the program.
Manhattan University
● Grades 9-12
● Manhattan University pre-college programs provide high school students with a unique
opportunity to explore their academic interests, build lasting friendships, experience
campus life, and discover the iconic landmarks of New York City. Start your university
journey and immerse yourself in the college experience.
Marist College
● Grades 11-12
● Expand your academic and creative aspirations this summer at Marist College. Students
entering their junior and senior year of high school as of this summer are invited to
attend one of the Summer Institutes at Marist College. You'll learn from experienced
professionals and talented faculty, while spending two to four weeks in your choice of
location: the heart of the historic Hudson River Valley, the birthplace of the Renaissance,
or both!
UMass Amherst
● Grades 9-11
● Pre-college programs at UMass combine all the major elements of college, including
great academics, living in a residence hall, and eating in our award-winning dining
commons. Of course, it takes a little help to adjust to life on a college campus, so we
have great live-in program assistants who are specially trained to help you get used to a
7

-- 8 of 32 --

new environment, both geographic and social. We have lots of great events in the
evenings and on weekends that help you connect with other pre-college students.
Miami University Ohio
● Grades 11,12
● The Summer Scholars Program provides a rich, early college experience for
academically-talented rising high school juniors and seniors from across the globe.
Students will join an engaged community of learners for an intense, two-week program
in which they participate in challenging, immersive academic modules centered on a
specific topic or area of interest. Students will reside in a "living-learning" community
with other Summer Scholars participants and get a real preview of college life — live in a
residence hall, eat in our award-winning dining halls, and enjoy campus facilities such as
our Recreational Sports Center and Goggin Ice Center. Special workshops on the college
admission process, ACT/SAT test preparation and how to write the best college essay will
be offered. Students will receive priority consideration for merit scholarships and for
selection to top programs such as the University Academic Scholars Program, and the
University Honors Program.
The New School
● Grades 9-12
● Develop a talent or advance in study while experiencing life in a university setting.
Students leave prepared to enter top art and design, performing arts, or liberal arts
colleges; gain greater confidence in their strengths and abilities; and make connections
that last for life.
NYU
● Grades 9-12
● Six-week, one-week and everything in between, NYU’s varied array of high school
programs offer flexibility and options that can be tailored to your individual needs and
schedule. Application processes, requirements and deadlines are varied; as are housing
and financial aid offerings. Be sure to visit each specific website to see which program is
right for you.
Northeastern University
● These pre-college programs are designed for talented high school students in the U.S.
and around the world who want to give themselves an edge. We offer a choice of
innovative programs led by Northeastern’s internationally acclaimed faculty. Accelerate
programs are hosted on our campuses, allowing you to experience true collegiate
learning in a world-class environment.
Northwestern University
● 15-17 years old
8

-- 9 of 32 --

● High school students can get a taste of Northwestern academics and athletics through
the College Preparation Program, Center for Talent Development, National High School
Institute, Wildcat Sports Camps and more.
University of Notre Dame
● Grades 10-12
● Notre Dame Pre-College delivers a true college experience on campus, abroad, and
virtually for exceptional high school students. Students engage with dynamic Notre
Dame faculty in exciting and challenging college level classes, grow in leadership through
service, and connect with like-minded students from around the world.
University of Pennsylvania
● Grades 9-11
● Penn delivers the challenge of an Ivy League curriculum to academically talented high
school students seeking a pre-collegiate experience. Explore Penn's historic campus,
engage with leading faculty and build intellectual connections with accelerated three- or
six-week Penn Summer High School Programs.
Quinnipiac University
● Summer is the best time to accelerate progress toward achieving your academic,
professional and personal goals. This is why Quinnipiac is offering a growing list of
engaging summer programs, camps, undergraduate courses and more. All are designed
to help a diverse group of people of all ages explore their passions supported by our
faculty, staff and students across all eight schools and the College of Arts and Sciences.
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
● Grades 10-11
● Since 1978, PREFACE has provided a pre-college introduction to the different types of
engineering, allowing students to understand what engineers do and what it takes to
become an engineer. PREFACE students are exposed to today’s global challenges and
learn to use engineering design and manufacturing processes to develop possible
solutions.
University of Rochester
● Grades 9-12
● At the University of Rochester, students pursue only what they’re interested in. With
Rochester’s Pre-College Programs, high school students get that same freedom. For over
25 years, these programs have welcomed students from around the globe to explore the
University and its resources to broaden their educational experience, sharpen academic
skills, and help them learn more about who—not just what—they want to be.
The Rockefeller University
● Ages 16+
9

-- 10 of 32 --

● Our goal is to engage students with hands-on, mentored science and to run workshops
to provide teachers with the tools they need to instill a passion for science in their
students.
Rutgers University
● Grades 9-12
● Take your future to the next level over the summer! Rutgers–New Brunswick Pre-College
Summer Programs are designed for motivated high school students to explore their
academic interests and experience college life. Students can choose from non-credit or
credit academic programs.
Skidmore College
● Grades 10-12
● By enrolling in the Pre-College Program, high school students get a head start on college
life by living and learning with other exceptional students from across the country and
around the world. Taking on the demands of college-level study, compressed into five
weeks, is challenging for any student. For this reason, we encourage Pre-College
students to study what they want to study, not so much what they think they ought to
study. Choose a class in an area where your strengths lie, or delve into an unexplored
subject to challenge your perceptions and discover new fields of knowledge. When you
pave your own path, you’re bound to connect different ideas, fields and ways of thinking
in new and innovative ways.
Smith College
● Grades 9-12
● Experience precollege programs that offer limitless ways to explore the world. You will
join more than 200 other high school girls who want to pursue their academic interests
in and out of the classroom, strengthen their college applications and meet other
motivated and ambitious college-bound young women. Designed by Smith's professors
and staff, the program not only gives you an inspiring learning experience, you also earn
a recommendation from Smith faculty to use in your college applications. Inside the
classroom, a hands-on, collaborative learning environment lets you directly engage with
world-class scholars who help you pursue your passions and develop new skills. Outside
the classroom, enjoy Smith's beautiful setting, live in a house on campus, make new
friends and have a great time joining in on lots of fun activities.
Stanford University
● Ages 16-19
● Stanford High School Summer College is a selective program that grants high-achieving
students access to Stanford University undergraduate courses. This program offers an
eight-week college experience that provides academic, social, and intellectual
opportunities not found in a high school classroom. High School Summer College
participants enroll as visiting undergraduates in Stanford’s Summer Quarter and take the
same courses, taught by Stanford faculty members, as matriculated Stanford students.
10

-- 11 of 32 --

Stevens Institute of Technology
● Grades 11-12
● What distinguishes our pre-college programs from others is that you get to create
something from start to finish: a business plan, a video game, an investment portfolio, a
short animation. Yes, you’ll leave with a stronger college application, you’ll try out a
potential major, get a taste of what campus life is really like and make some new friends.
Syracuse University
● Grades 9-11
● Summer College has been a part of Syracuse University for more than 50 years. We’re
excited to be able to work with incredible students, talented faculty, and passionate staff
members. While the central Summer College office has just a few members, we work
extensively with offices and departments across campus to ensure that the student
experience is safe, fun, and positive.
Tufts University
● Grades 9-12
● You are a talented, motivated pre-college student on the path to success. Tufts Summer
Study is a selective program that offers high achievers like you the chance to take college
level courses, specialized programs, and prep classes that get you ready for the college
application process. You’ll work closely with seasoned professors immersed in a
community built around academic excellence.
Vanderbilt University
● Grades 7-12
● This residential academic experience provides qualifying students with a taste of college
life. As a VSA student, you will live on campus and take accelerated courses with
Vanderbilt professors, lecturers, and graduate students. Outside the classroom, our
carefully selected residential staff members supervise the dining and residence halls,
plan fun and engaging recreational activities, and help ensure that every VSA student
has a fulfilling experience.
Wake Forest University
● Grades 9-12
● The Wake Forest University Summer Immersion Program offers students the chance to
dive deep and explore a particular field of study. Those selected for the program will
enjoy access to world-class faculty, resources, industry professionals and a one-of-a-kind
view from inside a career field. The Wake Forest Summer Immersion Program
illuminates Wake Forest’s value and visibility and shows high school students the impact
a single week can make on their lives.
Washington University in St. Louis
● Grades 9-12
11

-- 12 of 32 --

● Whether students choose to attend a for credit or noncredit Summer Experience the
benefits are the same. Students gain invaluable experience managing time, studying for
exams, writing papers, and collaborating with peers. Our dedicated staff is available 24/7
to provide academic and emotional support to enable student academic success. We
have many resources in place to assist our students in their studies.
Wentworth Institute of Technology
● Grades 10- 11
● At Wentworth Institute of Technology, we have developed a pre-college experience
called ImpactLab. This is a two-week residential summer program that gives you a
hands-on opportunity to explore a profession. Do you want to help the world with
engineering solutions? Design solutions? Scientific solutions? ImpactLab is a head start
on figuring out what you want to do with your life. AND, best of all, it’s two weeks living
and collaborating with new friends who share your concerns—and your fascinations.
Problem solvers like you.
College of William and Mary
● Grades 10-12
● Our faculty and facilities are a rich educational resource for the entire community. We
invite pre-college students from all backgrounds to discover the excitement of
college-level academics through a wide variety of pre-college programs.
University of Wisconsin
● Grades 10-11
● Students take courses with experienced college students and establish an official
UW–Madison transcript. Summer Term courses are taught at an accelerated pace, so
students should be ready to take responsibility for their academic plans and
performance.
Worcester Polytechnic Institute
● Grades 10-12
● The Launch program will leverage research and technology to find solutions to current
problems in a variety of scientific fields alongside WPI’s renowned faculty. Launch is
offered as a commuter program where students will be able to step into the shoes of a
video game designer, computer programmer, crime scene investigator, robotics engineer,
and more! Please see the program details for more information regarding format.
● The Frontiers program, running for over 40 years, is a residential, overnight program for
rising 10th, 11th and 12th grade students who want to explore STEM through a
collegiate lens, and prepare for their own collegiate journey. Students will be challenged
to explore the outer limits of their knowledge in STEM and explore unsolved global
12

-- 13 of 32 --

issues, along with a touch of humanities through another aspect such as business
entrepreneurship, digital painting, psychology, and more.
VISUAL & PERFORMING ARTS
Academy of Art University
● Grades 10-12
● A six-week intensive program offering up to four classes either online or in San Francisco
where students get a glimpse into college life, meet other young artists and explore a
variety of art & design fields.
AMDA High School Conservatory
● The AMDA High School Conservatory is an immersive program that provides
extraordinary performing arts training for passionate artists. This program offers
cutting-edge learning opportunities that are uniquely personal and specifically designed
for today’s emerging performing artists. The High School offers three programs
featuring pre-college training with world-class faculty, performing arts–centered cultural
experiences, audition opportunities for college and High School Conservatory programs,
and a final original presentation for family and friends.
Berklee College of Music
● Ages 15+
● Join us and musicians from more than 70 countries for the summer of a lifetime. The
focus is on you and what you want to say with your music in an environment that is pure
performance. Come immerse yourself in your chosen style and study with world-class
faculty and visiting artists in state-of-the-art facilities. You’ll play in ensembles, develop
improvisational and reading skills, and improve your technique in weekly private lessons.
California College of the Arts
● Grades 10-12
● CCA's Pre-College Program is an exciting opportunity for high school students to study
art, architecture, design, or creative writing in an art-school setting. Our program
provides a perfect platform to expand your knowledge, grow as an individual, develop
strong portfolio pieces, and get a taste of college life.
Christie’s Art Now
13

-- 14 of 32 --

● Art Now offers an exciting insider’s look at the fast-paced contemporary art world of
today. Students go behind the scenes at one of the world’s preeminent auction houses
and enjoy lectures and expert guided visits to galleries, private collections and
world-class museums.
Columbus College of Art and Design
● Grades 10-12
● You'll be able to experience any of our majors as you participate in classes, workshops
and activities all taught by our talented faculty and staff. In and out of the classroom,
you'll have opportunities to meet and collaborate with other emerging artists and
designers from all across the country. You'll live in one of our residence halls, experience
campus and the Columbus community — just like a full-time student.
Cow House Studios, Ireland
● Ages 15-18
● Art on the Farm presents a unique opportunity to study drawing, painting, photography
and new media alongside practicing visual artists in a focused and intimate studio
environment.
Denison Summer TUTTI
● Ages 15-18
● Summer TUTTI Performing Arts Camp at Denison University offers talented high school
dancers, musicians, and theatre-makers a chance to deepen their skills while
collaborating with professional artists, ensembles and peers from across the country.
Fashion Institute of Technology
● Grades 9-12
● The Fashion Institute of Technology's Precollege Programs provide students with
experiential learning opportunities, and offers parents, K-12 educators and youth
organizations an insightful lens into FIT's majors and the wide-ranging industries FIT
serves. Precollege Programs prepares students for the FIT admissions process, including
creative arts portfolio development, and features the unique experience of being part of
FIT's dynamic and diverse college campus and the cultural vibrancy of New York City that
informs and enriches the college, its history and its campus community.
University of Michigan; School of Art and Design (STAMPS)
● Grades 9-11
● STAMPS Pre-College Programs include non-residential, afternoon Spring Studios and two
and three-week Summer Residential Studios. Our programs offer portfolio-building
courses in art and design, training from STAMPS faculty, and an up-close look at life on
the campus of the University of Michigan.
Parsons Paris
● Grades 9-12
14

-- 15 of 32 --

● Want to delve into the world of fashion before you decide what you’ll study in college?
Parsons Paris has created online courses for students to introduce you to this vibrant
field. Taught by experts in Paris fashion through video lectures, courses cover everything
from business, history, and trends to actual design methods and potential careers.
Multi-length courses are available year-round. The asynchronous, online format allows
you to study anywhere, anytime, at your own pace. You will also receive valuable
guidance from Parsons' mentors.
Pratt Institute
● Grades 10-12
● Students choose a major focus modeled after Pratt's undergraduate offerings. To
complement this chosen major, students are automatically enrolled in foundation, art
history, and portfolio development classes. Upon completion of the program, students
earn four elective college credits.
Purchase College
● Grades 9-12
● The precollege programs in the arts at Purchase College are for high school students
who are passionate artists and/or have an interest in pursuing the arts on a college level.
These programs provide portfolio building and audition training technique
opportunities. Students may earn certificates based on participation and attendance.
Rhode Island School of Design
● Grades 10-11
● Master a range of tools, materials and techniques. Study with award-winning faculty in
our art studios. Create supplementary pieces for your college admission portfolio. Forge
the kind of friendships that last a lifetime.
SCAD
● Grades 9-12
● This summer, explore new avenues of artistic development and spark your imagination
at The University for Creative Careers. SCAD offers summer programs for high school
students of all ages to pursue art and design disciplines while working alongside peers
from all over the world. With exceptional buildings, extensive equipment and
inspirational settings, SCAD summer programs offer ideal opportunities for artists at all
levels to create, learn and grow.
School of Visual Arts
● Grades 9-12
● Summer Pre-College is an intensive three-week program that provides the experience of
attending art school in the heart of New York City. Students are immersed in their
chosen field of study through unique studio projects and instruction from SVA’s
15

-- 16 of 32 --

award-winning faculty. Classes are taught Monday through Friday from 9am - 4pm and
take place in SVA facilities. The program is further enhanced by a robust offering of
evening and weekend chaperoned activities and events that take full advantage of the
social and cultural life of New York City.
LANGUAGE
Middlebury
● Grades 9-12
● The Academy is an enriching program for motivated high school students who want to
accelerate their language skills, while enjoying a pre-college summer camp experience
with other like-minded teens. Language immersion can be challenging, but choosing to
spend a summer learning a language at the Academy offers a number of tangible
benefits.
WRITING/JOURNALISM
Bard College
● Grades 9-11
● Unlike conventional workshops in expository and creative writing, Simon’s Rock’s focuses
on using informal, playful, expressive writing as a way to strengthen skills of language
and thinking. Out of these informal writing activities, using techniques of peer response,
students develop more polished pieces, ranging from personal narratives to stories,
poems, and exploratory essays.
Boston University Summer Journalism Academy
● Students ages 14-18
● The Summer Journalism Academy at Boston University gives students the opportunity to
expand their skills and prepare for college, either through a residential experience on
campus or through remote instruction from home. Each academy instructor is also a
working journalist, so what’s taught is grounded in real-life experience. Each lesson is
tied to its practical application, by giving students actual reporting assignments. Each
day is a sample of life as a news reporter.
CSPA High School Journalism Workshop
● The CSPA Workshop is the longest-running and most successful high school journalism
workshop in the country. Our graduates have gone on to work for the Los Angeles Times,
the Orange County Register, Forbes, The Associated Press, ESPN, CBS, Fox and other
nationally recognized media outlets. Each summer, 25 students are selected to receive
hands-on instruction in the areas of print, broadcast, online and photo journalism, plus
16

-- 17 of 32 --

classes in ethics, public records and more. They will tour the local newspaper office and
television station and enjoy an afternoon at the beach.
Sarah Lawrence
● Grades 9-12
● Pre-College programs at Sarah Lawrence College provide creative and academic
immersion into subject areas that represent the strengths and talents of our faculty and
undergraduate offerings, making the experience of study and creation at Sarah Lawrence
accessible to pre-college students. Each program is designed to meet students at their
current talent and skill level, and to help them develop and grow through individualized
attention and the creation of original work. Residential options give pre-college students
a taste of living on a college campus, while non-residential options offer scheduling
flexibility.
The School of The New York Times
● Grades 9-12
● Structured around two-week courses that draw on the expertise and unrivaled access of
The New York Times, this unique summer program encourages students to take their
learning beyond the classroom and into the world. Working with award-winning
journalists from The Times and expert practitioners from across the city, students will
explore their passions and learn firsthand how ideas take shape, forming the industries
of today and the creative enterprises of tomorrow.
Princeton University
● Grade 11
● We welcome 35-40 high school students from low-income backgrounds every summer
to Princeton's campus for an intensive, 10-day seminar on journalism. The program's
goal is to diversify college and professional newsrooms by encouraging outstanding
students from low-income backgrounds to pursue careers in journalism. All expenses,
including students' travel costs to and from Princeton, are paid for by the program.
Students who attend the program come from across the country. The program will take
place from August 3 to August 13.
Writopia Lab
● Grades 9-12
● Writopia Lab fosters joy, literacy, and critical thinking in children and teens from all
backgrounds through creative writing.
Reynolds Young Writers Workshop at Denison
● Grades 10-11
● The Reynolds Young Writers Workshop at Denison is an energizing eight-day program for
motivated high school students (rising juniors and seniors) who love to write. For nearly
30 years, the Reynolds Workshop has brought together young writers who are
passionate about writing and eager to connect to a close-knit community of writing
17

-- 18 of 32 --

friends. The workshop is held each June on the beautiful campus of Denison University,
a leading liberal arts college, in the village of Granville, Ohio.
STEM/MEDICINE
2Sigma School
● Study a full year of computer science with Summer of Code. This summer, do something
that can change your life! Computer science can give an upwards inflection to your life
and career, even if you don't want to become a computer scientist. Take an accredited,
project-based course with a live teacher.
AI Camp
● Learn AI in small classes online with our instructors. Six students max per instructor.
Build an impressive AI product for your college admission portfolio in the summer. Speak
with at least three guest speakers who are professional AI practitioners. Experience
various tech roles and learn how to make informed career decisions. Gain access to our
learning center with all AI learning materials. No coding experience necessary to begin.
AwesomeMath
● This program is an intensive summer camp for mathematically gifted students from
around the globe. It is designed for bright middle and high school students who wish to
hone their problem solving skills in particular and further their mathematics education
in general. Many of our participants seek to improve their performance on contests such
as AMC10/12, AIME, or USAMO.
Bold Summers in partnership with University of Pennsylvania’s Perelman School of Medicine
● Grades 11,12
● Spend four weeks experiencing the University of Pennsylvania’s Perelman School of
Medicine intensive summer program designed for high school juniors and seniors
interested in medical careers. Modeled after actual first year Penn Med classes, you’ll
gain exposure to the basics of medical training including practical experiences,
simulations and live demonstrations. Plus, you’ll live the life of a college student on
Penn’s campus, located in University City in Philadelphia, PA. Experience dorm life,
campus living, attend classes, and make life-long friends!
18

-- 19 of 32 --

Burke Neurological Institute Neuroacademy
● This hands-on training course will introduce students to fundamental biological based
neuroscience at the molecular and cellular levels. Modern laboratory techniques will be
explored while critical thinking is applied to the scientific process and bioinformatics. For
five weeks in the summer, this program will provide students with the opportunity to
learn and apply fundamental biological information and approaches across three
modules. We believe that this enrichment program offers a unique gateway into
potential research opportunities both at the Burke Neurological Institute and other
institutions and has the potential to improve a student’s preparation for college-level
science curriculum.
Einstein-Montefiore High School Summer Research Program
● Ages 16-18
● The Einstein-Montefiore Summer High School Research Program introduces high school
students to the excitement of leading-edge scientific research. It is our hope that
because of this experience, students will begin to think about a career in science while
still in high school. Students are selected from a pool of applicants for a five-week
full-time summer research experience. Applicants must demonstrate academic
excellence and be recommended by their high school science teacher and/or science
chair.
Health Careers Institute at Dartmouth
● The Health Careers Institute provides opportunities for high school students from New
Hampshire and beyond to explore different areas of health care as a discipline. We do
this through experiential and academic endeavors. These experiences include visiting
clinical settings such as Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center (DHMC). Additionally,
participants have many opportunities to converse with health care professionals
including physicians, nurses, health care administrators, and research scientists.
Inspirit AI
● Artificial intelligence is revolutionizing every discipline and career, and our program
focuses on the application and ethics of AI across domains such as music, ecology,
medicine, robotics, and more. Our team of AI mentors guide students through projects
in small groups of 5:1– with no prior CS experience required. We have had the
opportunity to work with 7,000+ students from 65+ countries, and would be thrilled to
work with your bright students.
Inspirit AI - (Online)
● AI Scholars Live Online is a 10-session (25-hour) artificial intelligence bootcamp that
exposes high school students to fundamental AI concepts and guides them to build a
socially impactful project. Taught by our team of graduate students from Stanford, MIT,
and more, students receive a personalized learning experience in small groups with a
student-teacher ratio of 5:1.
19

-- 20 of 32 --

Investin
● Ages 12-18
● We are offering exclusive medical experience this summer in world-class hospitals and
clinics across London: highly-immersive activities supervised by experienced doctors,
dentists, vets, psychologists and more.
Learn with Leaders - Future Doctors Program
● Grades 8-12
● A Harvard Student Agencies, two-weekend program conducted over nine days, that
provides high school students with the unique opportunity to delve into the pre-medical
field. The program seeks to provide a one-of-a-kind experience for students to be
confident and knowledgeable about the path to medical school. No prior experience is
required in order to participate in this program.
Learn with Leaders - Young Tech Leaders
● A two-weekend program conducted over 10 days that will inspire you to become a
life-long student of computer science. In addition to the overarching themes of
abstraction and algorithmic thinking, students will learn the fundamental building blocks
of procedural programming including variables, conditions, loops, functions, and file
input/output. By the end of this course, you will be able to further study all that can be
accomplished with Python, or bootstrap yourself into learning another language.
Math Camp
● Canada/USA Mathcamp is an intensive five-week-long summer program for
mathematically talented high school students, designed to expose these students to the
beauty of advanced mathematical ideas and to new ways of thinking. More than just a
summer camp, Mathcamp is a vibrant community, made up of a wide variety of people
who share a common love of learning and passion for mathematics. At Mathcamp,
students can explore undergraduate and even graduate-level topics while building
problem-solving skills that will help them in any field they choose to study.
NASA Internships & Fellowships
● NASA Internships are educational hands-on opportunities that provide unique
NASA-related research and operational experiences for high school, undergraduate, and
graduate students as well as educators. These internships integrate participants with
career professionals emphasizing mentor-directed, degree-related, real-time world task
completion. During the internship, participants engage in scientific or engineering
research, development, and operations activities. Through these internships,
participants leverage NASA's unique mission activities and mentorship to enhance and
increase their professional capabilities and clarify their long-term career goals.
20

-- 21 of 32 --

National Security Agency STEM Program
● Grade 12
● The National Security Agency's (NSA) Gifted and Talented Program is open only to high
school seniors. The program is designed for students who have demonstrated an
aptitude for engineering, math and science.
New York Math Circle
● Grades 9-12
● The Summer High School Math Circle is an academically intensive weekday program in
the fall that runs for three weeks, five hours a day. A typical day consists of a class in the
morning, followed by lunch, and a problem solving session in the afternoon. Instructors
and teaching assistants are very friendly and helpful, and the atmosphere is open and
collaborative.
Rochester +Live
● Ages 13 and up
● If you have a passion for certain subjects and would like to explore them before college,
here is your chance to do so—with one of the world's leading research universities. The
Rochester Pre-College Online Program offers courses designed for high school students
ages 13 and up. Each course features engaging video by Rochester faculty and access to
mentors. The program is available year-round, and the online format lets you study
anywhere, anytime, at your own pace. This flexibility allows students to take multiple
courses and discover a variety of academic areas of interest.
Women In Engineering GAMES Camp
● Grades 9-12
● Girls’ Adventures in Mathematics, Engineering, and Science (GAMES) is an annual
week-long camp, designed to give academically talented high school girls an opportunity
to explore exciting engineering and scientific fields through demonstrations, classroom
presentations, hands-on activities, and contacts with women in these technical fields.
We present an advanced curriculum, use world-class instructional facilities, and provide
an “away from home” experience at one of the best engineering schools in the world.
Enrollment in the program is limited to ensure the quality of the academic experience.
GAMES has a selective admissions process based on academic performance, a written
essay and a teacher recommendation.
21

-- 22 of 32 --

LEADERSHIP
ACLU
● From free speech to privacy and from mass incarceration to voting rights, students will
become experts on the issues currently being confronted in the United States’ courts
and political arena. Through an intensive eight-day program in Washington D.C.,
students will learn directly from lawyers, lobbyists, community activists, and other
experts working to defend the civil rights and liberties critical to a free and open society.
Bank of America Student Leaders
● Grades 11-12
● Every year, through our Student Leaders program we help connect 225
community-minded high school juniors and seniors to employment, skills development
and service. They’re awarded paid summer internships with local nonprofits such as
Habitat for Humanity and Boys and Girls Clubs of America and participate in a national
leadership summit in Washington, D.C. Student Leaders is part of our ongoing
commitment to preparing young people for a brighter future.
The Bronfman Youth Fellowship
● Grade 11
● Every year, 26 intellectually adventurous North American teenagers are selected as
Bronfman Fellows. The Fellowship begins with an immersive, all-expenses-paid summer
in Israel and the U.S. Inspired by a diverse faculty of rabbis, educators, and artists, the
pluralistic group of Fellows have the opportunity to explore a wide range of Jewish texts
— from classic religious documents to contemporary Israeli and American voices — as
well as art workshops, using them to spark conversations, engage with stimulating
existential questions, and achieve a deeper understanding of themselves and one
another. The Fellowship year continues with monthly virtual experiences and a Winter
and Spring seminar in the United States, usually in the Northeast. Fellows continue their
association with the Fellowship through our extraordinarily active, 1,500+ alumni
community.
Envision: National Youth Leadership Forums
● Our career, technology, and leadership programs are developed by educators and
subject-matter professionals. Using innovative tools and techniques, our activities
mirror real-world challenges and facilitate critical thinking and communication among
the groups. Our Advisors are highly trained teachers and subject-matter experts who
love making a real impact—so much so that they come back year after year.
LEAD Program
● Grade 11
● The GSLI is a virtual and in person, residential program that will focus on developing a
pipeline of high achieving diverse high-school students, LEADing for Life Scholars, by
22

-- 23 of 32 --

providing an immersive learning opportunity that includes both industry and college
experience.
Learn with Leaders: Young Leaders in Innovation & Entrepreneurship Program
● A two-weekend program that teaches students how to pitch their business ideas,
perform market research, and generate investment. The program acts as an excellent
preparation mechanism for launching an idea to execution.
Lehigh University Iacocca Global Entrepreneurship Intensive
● Students ages 15-17
● IGEI is a highly interactive program that combines real-world learning opportunities and
intercultural experiences. Work on a group project solving a real problem for a U.S. or
international client company. Learn about entrepreneurship, design thinking, global
leadership and working within a culturally diverse group. Students will select from focus
areas like Sustainability, Technology, Population Health, or Marketing and Branding, with
the unique opportunity to pursue a “deep dive” within the entrepreneurship intensive.
The curriculum includes faculty from across the university and throughout the
worldwide Iacocca Institute network, as well as collaboration with Lehigh’s Baker
Institute for Entrepreneurship, Creativity and Innovation; Lehigh@NasdaqCenter; and
the Mountaintop Initiative.
Mercy College Summer Leadership Academy
● Grade 11
● Students experience college first-hand during this week-long, action-packed summer
program. They learn about leadership and business careers from the Executive Faculty
who have worked at top global companies.
West Point Summer Leaders Experience
● Grade 11
● This is a five-day long immersion in academic, military and social life for those
considering the United States Military Academy. You will explore the United States
Military Academy from all angles, including some intense military training and athletic
activities. Participants will experience hands-on academic workshops, army PT
workouts, obstacle courses, team building exercises, ethics discussions and cadet-led
activities.
● Applications open on February 15, 2026
RESEARCH
Hofstra University’s Summer Science Research Program
● Hofstra University's Summer Science Research Program offers high school students
opportunities in science research under the guidance of professionals in science and
mathematics. For more than ten years, HUSSRP has provided selected research-oriented
high school students the opportunity to work with our science faculty during the
23

-- 24 of 32 --

summer in an on campus research program. The program runs from early July through
mid August culminating in a science "poster session" in early Fall where students display
the work they performed during the summer. Students will be selected for this program
on the basis of their high school science experience, a personal interview and, above all,
the high school teacher's recommendation.
Memorial Sloan Kettering Summer Student Program
● This eight-week program gives motivated and self-directed students a chance to conduct
their own research in a state-of-the-art lab under the guidance of a post-doc, and then
publicly present their results. A stipend is awarded upon completion of the program.
Project True
● Grades 10-11
● Project TRUE interns will spend the summer and fall conducting field research at the
Bronx Zoo with a team of college students, scientists and educators from Fordham
University and the Wildlife Conservation Society. Students will receive in-depth training
and direct experience in planning, conducting and presenting research. For the summer,
interns either receive a $750 stipend OR are paid $16/hour through SYEP if eligible to
work with WCS's authorized provider. For the fall, interns will receive a stipend of about
$350. Requirements include attending all sessions in the summer (three days a week in
July and August) and fall (14 Saturdays).
Simons Summer Research Program
● Grade 11
● The Simons Summer Research Program gives academically talented, motivated high
school students the opportunity to engage in hands-on research in science, math or
engineering at Stony Brook University. Simons Fellows work with distinguished faculty
mentors, learn laboratory techniques and tools, become part of active research teams,
and experience life at a research university.
INTERNSHIPS
Go Getter Internship
● The GO Project summer internship is an opportunity for high school students to learn
and develop leadership skills while working with GO Project students in academic and/or
enrichment classes. During the five-week GO Summer program, interns will be working
as teaching assistants in one of our K-5th grade classrooms under the guidance of a
Head Teacher or Enrichment Teacher. Interns will work in small groups or one-to-one
within the classroom to help students complete projects, remain focused, and build
confidence as learners. Interns will also be participating in rigorous daily professional
development sessions where the Echoing Green book, Work on Purpose, will be used to
help them discover and enhance their passions and talents to become change-making
leaders in their community.
24

-- 25 of 32 --

Greenwich Audubon Center
● Grades 10-11
● The Eco-Leadership Corps is an intern program for high school students to spend eight
weeks working at our center in conservation leadership development while exploring
and enhancing the 285-acre Greenwich Audubon Main Sanctuary, as well as several
offsite locations of conservation interest. This intern program has three core
components: Corps interns will study New England ecology with Audubon naturalists,
improve bird habitat through hands-on learning of land stewardship practices, and
develop educational programs for use in Audubon conservation programs throughout
the region.
The Metropolitan Museum of Art
● Grades 10-11
● The Metropolitan Museum of Art offers an internship program designed to broaden an
understanding of the Museum and deepen knowledge of art, meet members of the
Museum staff, and work behind the scenes. An application process is required. Interns
participating in this program will receive a stipend.
Museum of Arts and Design
● Grades 10-11
● Artslife is a paid summer internship program that combines art and design with
leadership training, museum studies, and community engagement. Participants are
introduced to museum careers such as Curatorial, Education, Development, Public
Relations and Marketing, Visitor Services, Security, and Registrar. During the initial week,
participants get to know one another and meet museum staff. During the remaining six
weeks, participants work on collaborative projects, with Museum staff, local designers,
and arts professionals who act as mentors. Students enjoy first-hand experience and the
broadest possible exposure to ongoing museum activities, both public facing and
behind-the-scenes.
New York Historical Society
● Grades 10-12
● Student Historians are interns who use the resources of The New York Historical to
conduct in-depth research and share their scholarship through the production of
creative digital projects that serve as public educational resources. Interns meet with
professional staff to learn about the museum, library, digital humanities, and history
fields; and work collaboratively with fellow students to develop their historical thinking,
communication, and digital media skills. All interns will receive a $700 stipend upon
successful completion of the internship.
25

-- 26 of 32 --

PENCIL Internship Program
● The PENCIL Internship Program is a competitive summer internship program for eligible
New York City high school and college students. Students complete over 20 hours of
career readiness training focused on essential skills like time management,
resume-writing and interviewing; before being matched to a paid six week summer
internship at a company, non-profit organization or government agency in New York City.
Smithsonian Internships
● Advance your education and career through the myriad of opportunities offered at the
world’s preeminent museum system.
EDUCATION, SPECIAL INTERESTS & ADVENTURE
Abbey Road
● Abbey Road summer study abroad programs have built a legacy of excellence, offering
life-changing experiences for students worldwide. Our mission is to provide quality
academic summer programs that facilitate cross-cultural understanding, personal
growth and academic enrichment. Our curriculum developers and staff come from
places such as Harvard, Yale, Stanford, Duke, Cambridge, La Sorbonne, the United
Nations, the World Bank, the European Parliament and the State Department, just to
name a few.
Adventures Cross Country
● For over 40 years, ARCC has offered extraordinary summer programs for teens. By
traveling to locations rarely visited by tourists, we are able to provide unique, immersive,
and educational experiences for our students. In 2026 we are excited to offer 15 unique
summer programs (4 domestic/11 international), five spring gap programs (1 domestic/4
international), and eight fall gap programs (2 domestic, 6 international). All of our
summer programs combine a series of service projects with adventure and cultural
activities and take place between June and August, from two to four weeks.
Broadreach
● Broadreach summer programs are unforgettable, action-packed adventures for teens.
We specialize in teen dive, sail, and marine biology, liveaboard voyages, and also offer
land-based adventures with a focus on scuba diving, wildlife conservation, and
veterinary medicine. Located in some of the world’s most spectacular places,
Broadreach teens engage in real-world, hands-on discovery under the guidance of
experienced instructors. Our small group sizes allow students to connect with
themselves and each other, building self-confidence and leadership skills.
26

-- 27 of 32 --

Bruce Beck & Ian Eagle Sports Broadcasting Camp
● Ages 10-19
● The Sports Broadcasting Camp, founded in 2001 and now the nation's longest running
sportscasting camp, has a new home. We are moving to Seton Hall University! We will
utilize the state-of-the-art Pirate TV studios, multi-camera production studios, WSOU
radio facilities and so much more. Our programs are a perfect mix of actually recording
sports broadcast projects and learning the tricks of the trade from sportscast industry
leaders. Campers learn essential skills including: writing and on-camera skills,
teleprompter work, athlete interviews and control room experiences.
CIEE
● Up for the adventure of a lifetime? CIEE Global Navigator high school summer abroad
programs take you outside your comfort zone for three-to-four weeks of unforgettable
experiences. Have a blast exploring a different culture in 40 amazing destinations. You'll
return home with new friends, new skills, a broader worldview, and maybe even earn
college credits in high school! Program topics include: Arts & Culture, Business,
Language, Leadership & Service, Social Change and STEM.
EXPLO
● Grade 9, students 12-14 years old
● The curriculum at EXPLO is unusual: It allows students to investigate subjects they're not
likely to encounter during the school year. Our courses aren't for credit and are
ungraded. They encourage students to step away from focusing on performance and
evaluation, and instead follow their passions and interests. Programs include: Expo 360
(design your own program), Medical Rotations and Veterinary Rotations.
Global Leadership Adventures
● Students ages 14-18
● GLA’s goal is to provide life-changing experiences that will cultivate a global perspective
and open-mindedness in students that will ultimately inspire them to become great
leaders and global thinkers and seek positive change in their own communities.
Programs are offered in Africa, Asia, Europe and Latin America.
GoBeyond
● If you’re searching for something more than just a typical summer trip, if you want to
travel with real purpose, then GoBeyond. We go beyond ordinary high school travel
programs and build cross-cultural service adventures perfectly geared to your interests
and curiosities. Whether you’re looking to contribute to authentic service projects,
experience exhilarating adventure, or develop your language skills, GoBeyond will
immerse you in a new culture where you can make a meaningful difference while on the
journey of a lifetime.
Jacob Burns Film Center
● The Jacob Burns Film Center offers innovative programs in new media, documentary and
fiction film production, screenwriting, animation, and so much more for students from
27

-- 28 of 32 --

Pre-K through adulthood. JBFC media education programs engage over 5,000 teachers
and students each year through viewing and creating experiences that explore how to
be critical of what we watch and intentional with what we make. JBFC education
programs and resources include Classroom to Screening Room, Professional
Development, JBFC Kids, Lab Field Trips, and Summer Camps.
Learn with Leaders
● Learn with Leaders is a global education initiative that aims to empower school students
worldwide. By connecting students with esteemed faculty, accomplished alumni, and
experienced student mentors from IVY League universities and leading corporations, we
provide unparalleled learning and mentoring opportunities in diverse fields from
Research, Law, Finances, Medical, Leadership, Communication and even social impact.
Programs include:
○ Future Lawyers Program
The Future Lawyers Program aims to orient students to the field of law. The
program covers due process of law, the many careers in the world of law, the
difficult-to-navigate requirements of the application to law school, and much
more.
○ Policy Making & International Relations Program
The Policy Making and International Relations Program is an intensive two-week
online program for high school students interested in politics. You will be taught
by Harvard students on the topics of political theory, international relations,
campaign management and hot topics in the US government. Throughout this
program, students will also have the opportunity to form groups and tackle a
policy problem that they are personally passionate about.
National Geographic Youth Programs
● At the National Geographic Society, our mission is to use the power of science,
exploration, education and storytelling to protect and illuminate the wonder of our
world. Ranging from Internships to Virtual Externships, online education resources,
National Geographic Photo Camp, and more, we provide students with immersive and
virtual learning experiences, inspiring the next generation of explorers, leaders, and
solution seekers.
NOLS
● NOLS is a nonprofit global wilderness school that believes in the transformative power of
leadership through wilderness education. We are dedicated to developing leaders by
providing immersive experiences that challenge you to step beyond your comfort zone
and unlock your full potential. Whether in remote backcountry settings or through
courses near home, we equip people with the skills, resilience, and confidence to lead in
all walks of life.
Overland
● Grades 9-12
28

-- 29 of 32 --

● Overland is more than a summer program—it’s a life-changing adventure. You’ll explore
incredible places with friends who are just as eager to push past the ordinary, from the
Maine Coast to the Pacific Northwest, the Rockies to the Alps. And with phones left at
home, you’ll be fully present—connected to your group, your experience, and the
unforgettable journey ahead.
Oxbridge Academic Programs
● Grades 8-12
● For over 40 years Oxbridge has organized summer study programs for students aged
between 13 and 18. Our programs are held in some of the world’s greatest academic
and cultural centers, including Oxford, Cambridge, St Andrews, Paris, Montpellier,
Barcelona, Salamanca, New York, Boston and Los Angeles, and offer a wide variety of
courses, ranging from History, Medicine, Law, and Business to Art, Fashion, Photography,
Psychology, and French and Spanish immersion, among many others. These courses are
taught in small groups by leading university academics and creative professionals.
Putney Student Travel
● For 75 years, Putney has been the leader in student travel and educational summer
opportunities—making memories and shaping lives. Our programs take students around
the world to immerse themselves in local cultures, communities, and landscapes,
instilling a passion for learning and discovery that are new to them. This spark often
ignites lifelong interests, serving as a springboard for students to chart their future
course.
Rustic Pathways
● Not only is Rustic Pathways a pioneer in providing quality travel and service programs for
students and educators, but we’re also redefining how to integrate education, travel,
and philanthropy in a world where all people are connected by a shared humanity. At
Rustic, our mission, vision, and values drive the way we run our programs, partner with
local communities, and live our lives.
SAI
● SAI offers programs for high school and gap students to complete college-level
coursework. High school programs are available in the summer, and provide a fully
supervised unforgettable experience. Gap programs are available in the semester and
academic year, and provide a gentle introduction to college-level life and courses. High
school and gap programs provide strong on-site services to ensure that the proper
support is in place for students to thrive.
SEA Semester
● SEA offers unique summer high school programs for current high school students as well
as graduating seniors. Choose from a shore-based field program on our campus in
Woods Hole, Massachusetts on beautiful Cape Cod, or an at-sea voyage aboard one of
our sailing research vessels. Coursework includes lectures, discussions, laboratory
activities, and field trips; all introducing students to the study of oceanography, the
29

-- 30 of 32 --

history of humanity's relationship with the oceans, and modern maritime issues. At SEA,
there’s an adventure with a purpose waiting for every student interested in exploring the
marine environment through hands-on, experiential, and community-based learning!
Summer Discovery
● With over 300 courses across a wide variety of fields of study, Summer Discovery is the
leader in delivering pre-college summer academic enrichment programs for students
from around the world. The Summer Discovery difference means our academic
offerings are curated directly by the university academic departments. Courses are
taught by passionate and accredited instructors hand-selected by the university. Our
courses deliver dedicated outcomes, including a certificate of completion and a letter of
recognition that students use to boost their college or academic portfolio.
UCLA School of Theater, Film & Television
● Media Parks: The Cinematic & Televisual History of Theme Parks
● Session A: July 19 - July 31, 2026
● In this two-week summer intensive, students explore the dynamic relationship between theme
parks and their deep ties to film, television, and video games. From classic Disney rides to
immersive cinematic universes, the program offers students a unique opportunity to gain
firsthand insight into the creative and cultural forces driving themed entertainment.
● The program is a combination of lectures, screenings, discussions, guest speakers, and site visits
to: Disneyland, Disney California Adventure, Universal Studios Hollywood, Warner Brothers
Studios.
● As part of the program, students live in UCLA’s dorms, immersing themselves in campus life
while enjoying the beauty of UCLA and the energy of Los Angeles—the entertainment capital of
the world.
Villanova NROTC Summer Seminar
● Grade 12
● Villanova University will be hosting a unique opportunity this summer for rising high
school seniors to get a close up look at their well-regarded Naval Reserve Officer Training
Corps (NROTC) program. This NROTC Summer Seminar will be a 4-night/4-day on
campus experience to provide young men and women a better understanding of the
balance between college life and the NROTC scholarship commitment. Topics and
activities will include general military training, exposure to college classes and facilities,
physical fitness, a trip to a historic landmark near Philadelphia, and workshops on best
practices for both college and NROTC applications.
Wilderness Adventures
● Over 50 years of operation has provided WA the unique opportunity to travel in the
most spectacular places with special operating permits across the globe. Explore a
myriad of options from the coast of Maine to the Great Barrier Reef, from Alaskan
glaciers to WA’s backyard, the Tetons. These adventures offer an extended wilderness
experience and are designed to give the participants a greater role in daily decision
making.
30

-- 31 of 32 --

West Coast Connection
● Since 1982, our summer programs for middle and high school students, aged 13-17,
have brought teens together from around the world to share unforgettable experiences.
Offering three distinct program styles in over 20 countries, we’re able to provide the
perfect summer program to fit your individual needs, whether you want to Travel, Learn,
or Volunteer. We are confident that one of our 90+ programs will be your summer of a
lifetime.
JOB OPPORTUNITIES
● Breezemont Day Camp
● Elmwood Day Camp
● Goldfish Swim School
● Camp Kiwi
● Mohawk Day Camp
● Purchase Day Camp
● River Friends Day Camp
31

-- 32 of 32 --

